NATIVE-192: Add sentry (#70)
Integreat/integreat-react-native-app: docs/05-error-reporting.md

# Error reporting

> We are using Sentry for error reporting. Sentry offers a [react-native client](https://github.com/getsentry/react-native-sentry) which is used in this project. This basically proves 3 different clients:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are using Sentry for error reporting. Sentry offers a [react-native client](https://github.com/getsentry/react-native-sentry) which is used in this project. This basically consists of three different clients:
```

* [sentry-java](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java)
* [sentry-javascript](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript) (currently uses raven-js)
* [sentry-cocoa](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa)

> **In order to use the cli a `sentry.properties` is needed which includes a auth key and information about the project.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**In order to use the cli a `sentry.properties` is needed which includes an auth key and information about the project.**
```
